what time is it?
what is your name?
what is the capital of brazil?
in which year was robocup founded?
how many rings has the olympic flag?
what is the answer to the ultimate question about life the universe and everything?
what is the world's most popular green vegetable?
what is the oldest drug used on earth?
which insect has the best eyesight?
who lives in a pineapple under the sea?
which American state is nearest to the former Soviet Union?
how many tentacles does a squid have?
what is converted into alcohol during brewing?
which river forms the eastern section of the border between England and Scotland?
in what year was Prince Andrew born?
name the two families in Romeo and Juliet?
if cats are feline, what are sheep?
for which fruit is the US state of Georgia famous?
which is the financial centre and main city of Switzerland?
which TV programme's theme tune was called Hit and Miss?
which guitarist is known as Slowhand?
what is an infant whale commonly called?
who do the British call the vegetables that Americans call zucchini?
how is an otter's home called?
how have vegetables been cut which are served Julienne?
in Roman mythology, Neptune is the equivalent to which Greek god?
which TV character said, 'Live long and prosper'?
in which State would you find the city of Birmingham?
which hills divide England from Scotland?
what continent has the fewest flowering plants?
what is Canada's national animal?
what is the alternative common name for a Black Leopard?
what in Cornwall is the most southerly point of mainland Britain?
what explorer introduced pigs to North America?
what is the world's biggest island?
what is the capital of germany?
when is the next solar eclipse?
which is the common name of sodium chloride?
in what country you find valparaiso?
what is the world's heaviest animal?
what colour is the sun?
who is the best friend of men?
when was the first robocup?
what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world?
when were you born?
what is your teams name?
what is the capital of china?